Initial documentation (#11)
plone/plone.distribution: docs/usage/code-examples.md

> 

Reviewer: Insert HTML meta stuff

(chapter-code-examples)=

> # Code Examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Code examples
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This chapter provides code examples to use with `plone.distribution`.
```

## `api.distribution`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This section describes how to interface with the `distribution` module.

```

(api-distribution-get_registry-example)=

### Get distribution registry

> Getting the Distribution Registry, the utility holding all available distributions in an installation, is easy with {meth}`api.distribution.get_registry`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get the distribution registry, the utility which holds all available distributions in an installation, use the method {meth}`api.distribution.get_registry`.
```

```python
from plone.distribution.api import distribution as dist_api
registry = dist_api.get_registry()
```

(api-distribution-get_distributions-example)=

### Get all registered distributions

> Return a list of all distributions using {meth}`api.distribution.get_distributions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Return a list of all distributions using the method {meth}`api.distribution.get_distributions`.
```

```python
from plone.distribution.api import distribution as dist_api
from plone.distribution.core import Distribution

distributions = dist_api.get_distributions()

assert isinstance(distributions, list)
assert isinstance(distributions[0], Distribution)
```

(api-distribution-get-example)=

### Get one Distribution

> Get one distribution, by name, with {meth}`api.distribution.get`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get one distribution by its name with the method {meth}`api.distribution.get`.
```

```python
from plone.distribution.api import distribution as dist_api
from plone.distribution.core import Distribution

distribution = dist_api.get(name="default")

assert isinstance(distribution, Distribution)
assert distribution.title == "Plone Site"
```

## `api.site`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

This section describes how to interface with the `site` module.

```

(api-site-get_sites-example)=

> ### Get list of all sites

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Get the list of all sites
```

> Passing the Application root to the {meth}`api.site.get_sites`, you receive a list of all Plone Sites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get a list of all Plone sites, pass the application root to the method {meth}`api.site.get_sites`.
```

```python
from plone.distribution.api import site as site_api

sites = site_api.get_sites(app)
```

(api-site-create-example)=

### Create a new site

> Create a new Plone Site using one of the available distributions using {meth}`api.site.create`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new Plone site using one of the available distributions using the method {meth}`api.site.create`.
```
